No New Picks Since Oct...WHY? on Stock Talk Live ! - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGDLjQ_kLMM


Transcript:
(00:00)  There we go.  Technical difficulties, but  you have enough technical difficulties, you figure out what the problem is.  If you're watching the replay, you can fast forward  to the disclaimers and all that.  Hopefully, we are live. I don't see us  actually live on YouTube yet.  Maybe it's the delay. Let's see. We're going to try to verify our audio and video.
(00:33)  Ah, there we go. The Monopoly man. Beautiful.  Okay.  All right, we got audio, we got video.  All right, happy Friday indeed.  All right, we got audio, we got video.  All right, happy Friday indeed.  To those of you who are putting quotes in the chat, appreciate that.  Happy New Year.  We're waiting for people to cycle in here.
(00:58)  It's a new year.  It's 2026.  Every time we hit a new year, what I love about the holidays, spending time with family, of course,  getting some time to reflect on the year past. And then what I like to do with that is say,  what don't I like? What did I not like? And what do I want it to look like going forward? Okay.
(01:28)  So as I reflected on that over the holidays, um, and we will get into the shows,  you know, shortly, which is the link for everybody come in. So there's a little preamble.  We usually do a little post amble as well, as you'll see. Um, I said, this is getting too big.  Like there's so many people watching the show now and, like, looking out for what I'm researching.  It's becoming stressful, less fun, right?  And there's a lot of dummies, right?  You guys know the dummy routine, and that's another thing.
(01:59)  So I said, you know what?  I'm going to try to keep it more real, right?  The money mark routine, the coach a-hole routine, the dummy routine.  Let's calm down all that.  You know what I'm saying?  Like that's fun and all that, but let's see who really wants to do what I really do.  Because during the day, I'm not out there calling people dummies.
(02:22)  I'm doing real research.  I'm being professional.  day, I'm not out there calling people dummies. I'm doing real research. I'm being professional.  And while that flashiness attracts investors to content, which is great because I do want to educate y'all on that, you know, more people, great.
(02:39)  But if it's people who are only looking  for the next pick, you know, the next dog in the racing calendar, that's not what I'm into. That's not what I'm here for.  Those of you who have been with me for a long time know I look for long-term picks. Yeah,  we can be opportunistic with the risk-reward charts and all that, but all this day trading  stuff, I looked it up. It's crazy what's going on now. And I started noticing it just a few weeks ago. I gave you a pick on the short side because it looked clearly like a pump that this company was going to raise into.
(03:27)  it was to me complete bs a press release they put out talking about we're part of a what was it two billion dollar idiq well if you know what an idiq is you know that that means  absolutely nothing for the company that just put out that press release and to me it raised  suspicion you know and this is what the stock did. The day before the press release, so that's suspicious. And then they put out the press release that, oh, we have been included in a $2 billion IDIQ.
(04:05)  of men you do, whether it's ChachiBT, Gemini, which I'm now subscribed to, I pay for a professional Gemini, I also pay for professional Grok, and I let those two fight it out, right, I'll get an  answer from Gemini, and then I'll tell Grok that I asked this question, and this is the answer I  got, and see what Grok says, and I let them fight it out, and it cuts down on the chances of one AI  miraging versus another, right, The chances of two AIs miraging  the same way, very low. So keep that in mind, by the way, because those of you who don't know,
(04:32)  mirages are hallucinations. AI will actually make stuff up. So you've got to be careful. It's very  valuable, very potent. We're going to talk about that like we always do. AI, not a bubble, by the way.  Very powerful numbers, by the way, from the companies that have been using AI versus those that are not.
(04:54)  All right.  But we'll keep talking about that coming up.  But bottom line is when I ran that press release through AI just to validate my thought on this, it said, yeah, this means absolutely zero revenue for these guys.  All an IQ does is give them the right to bid on aspects of this project.  In other words, the press release is meaningless.
(05:19)  And yet the stock was up 194% in less than two trading days. I've seen this before, okay? Plenty of times.  And it sucks because I know that investors are getting smoked. They're getting ripped off on  this somehow. The AI did a really good job of helping me out going  through the sec documents, going through the financials and they needed money.
(05:50)  It was clear  they needed money and they needed a lot more money than they could raise here at 85 cents.  They needed the stock for regulatory reasons and for market cap reasons. In other words,  when you raise money, if you give out stock, you have to give out a lot  more stock down here than you have to up here to get the same amount of money.
(06:12)  But there's also  regulatory factors. A company under $75 million in market cap has different rules around how much  they can raise versus one with over $75 million. I'll give you one guess as to what this level of stock price got their market cap up to.  You guessed it, 75 million. So I surmised and bet some small amount of money.
(06:34)  I shorted the stock,  but only a small amount, right? Because it's not a high conviction play. And stocks can keep pumping  for that matter, right? You don't want to get squeezed. If the stock was capable of going from $1 to $2.50 in 30 hours, it could go from $2.50 to $12.50 in 30 hours.  And then you're out, what, five times your money, right?  So be careful about that.
(06:57)  But one thing for sure, if you were considering this stock, you shouldn't have.  Because it was very clear, and the AI can help you do this, that they were going to raise money.  And what did they do the next day?  Oh, they raised money.  Stock was down 38%.  I covered my short, right?  And then look what happens.
(07:20)  It's really crazy.  They just reinvigorate the pump.  They just reinvigorate the pump. And I don't know if they raised money in the midst of the rest of this. I don't care. But this is what we're dealing  with out there. There is a lot of activity out there that's absolutely crazy. And a lot of you  can be victimized by it.
(07:46)  You have to make sure that the research that you're getting is from a reliable source who's doing good research  right in order to believe in some of these moves back in 2013 uh i picked timex because i had  evidence proof that they were going to be in google glass now google glass never got off the  ground but it was big news at the time in In fact, institutions were contacting me about it. The stock had a market cap of $1.5 billion.
(08:26)  When billion in a single day, $500 million market cap increase  in a single day, 33% increase in stock price. The stock went on from that level to roughly 5x on  top of that. From what I remember, it was like a six bagger total. Okay. That's from real research.  That's cool. Okay. But when I looked up, you know, how frequent are moves like this?  And actually, the software program allows me to check it in pre-market trading.
(08:55)  The biggest winners. Good Lord. There are literally dozens of 20 plus percent moves every single day. And the AI said that only about a third of them are  explained by news. And what it couldn't do was ascertain, as I could in this instance,  that this news was BS to start with so what are we talking about here  right a lot of pumping a lot of BS the 10,000 clowns I talk about every week  I'm not gonna go through that spiel again but you know and they're not all  clowns but you got to be careful to make sure that you are not falling victim to that stuff. So, and as part of that, I just, I can't keep, I can't herd cats, right?
(09:51)  So we want, I'm going to have a more boring show.  It's going to be more real.  It's going to be more professional.  It's not going to be a parody of CNBC and Jim Cramer and all that stuff.  Like I talk about in prior disclosures, disclaimers or whatever you want to call them.  I'm going to put those on the screen too. I should have already, right? There's your disclaimers.
(10:09)  So if you're watching this show, you acknowledge that you've read this. Okay.  We're going to keep it real. And I bet and suspect that the traffic and the number of followers  might even decrease. Fine. Because the people that go away are not the kinds of people  we want here. Okay. That's number one. So the title of the show, no pics since October.
(10:36)  Why?  That's part of the reason. Okay. Because the following and thank you, by the way, you know,  like it's very flattering that so many people have started following me over the last year.  But when you have so many new people coming in, you can't really control how they act, right?  And in my presentation, by the way, we're going to get to this, air test systems.
(11:00)  What did I say?  One of these slides.  Learn and research first, right?  Nobody's looking at my learning materials, right? And, and for sure, if I talk about a stock and it goes up,  right, it might be coincidence. I don't know what 60 stocks going up 20% in a day could be,  or it could be that people are not following the rule that I talk  about all the time, which is don't chase.
(11:33)  And that when I say nothing I say should be something that  you act on, right? You should be validating if you choose to follow my ideas, not picks, by the way.  I might use the word picks, but I don't, right? I'm not trying to pick stocks. I'm not a financial advisor.  I'm not a registered financial advisor.  I'm not your financial advisor, right?  Do your own research first.
(11:51)  Do not just buy everything in the spreadsheet if you're just starting out.  I can't control that, especially when people start following the show in large quantities.  So I don't want it, right?  It gets stressful. And by the way,  the most important reason for all this change going into 2026, my baby. Okay.
(12:16)  Damn, I didn't think that would hit like that. I want to spend more time with her. Okay. Um, my wife, my child love them to death and, um, we're in a yellow alert. Okay.  And in a yellow alert, right. So to answer the, to answer the question, why no new picks since  October, we're in a yellow alert. It's harder to find new picks.
(12:39)  And I've been looking, trust me,  I've been looking, um, I found a, I found a good one, right. But I can't share it because  The float is so low  And there's so many of you out there  Right  I don't want to get into that  Maybe what we're going to be doing going forward  Is changing the  And I already started doing this  Where is it  Where do I keep this  Boom see I even changed all that.
(13:08)  This spreadsheet, I already changed the name to Ideas and Notes, right? To be more reflective of  what it is going to represent and what it always has represented. Because it's always said,  companies of interest, not picks, right? The performance has been phenomenal, but who cares? I told you this  long time ago, I made my name before I ever came, you know, where I started on Seeking Alpha back  in 2009.
(13:43)  When I joined Seeking Alpha in 2009, I was already retired because of the reputation I  built with Wall Street. So what do I got to prove? Nothing.  Okay.  So what we need to do is be professional.  No coach a-hole, no promoting performance and all that stuff.  Let the pumpers do that.  Okay.  So you're seeing in this section right here, it's been changed to latest notes.  This is for my benefit and yours.
(14:11)  So you can see what the last significant thing I said about the company was, right? We might get rid of the Russell return and stuff. Although I kind of like it because it shows how the company  has performed relative to the market. So we get an idea. I'd like to see that sometimes because  if a company is underperforming, then maybe we should pay more attention to it. Things like that. Okay.
(14:36)  So,  um, boom, there you go. Uh, I think that's my 2026 new year speech. Welcome, you know, happy new year to all. Um, let's get into it. AI stocks, all that. We'll talk about it by the way.  stocks, all that. We'll talk about it. By the way, as usual, if you have a question,  we are going to do Q&A. I'm not going to promise to answer every question. I'm not going to promise to respond to everything that is in the chat.
(15:01)  But if you do have a question, I may choose to answer  it. Put question marks at the beginning, put question marks at the beginning of  the question or I might miss it, okay? And if I miss it, I'm not going to go back to it, right?  We're going to get to the last question. We're going to call it a day. And maybe this show drops  from being two hours a week to being just one, which would be nice, right? Because that's another  hour I can spend with my
(15:29)  baby. And hey, 3 p.m. on a Friday, maybe that's better than 4 p.m. on a  Friday. Okay. So let's get into it. You might ask, why is this here? Well, if you saw the splash page,  the thumbnail for this video, it is Mr. Monopoly saying, don't take the chance, right? Which we're  going to get into. That's part of the why no new pics since October. Why take the chance, right? Which we're going to get into.
(15:45)  That's part of the why no new picks  since October. Why take the chance in a yellow alert? But let me show you something that AI can  do because this is a, you know, we've been very AI focused for the last couple of years.  This right here is what made the thumbnail for today, right? I was looking through, I was like,  you know, it'd be really funny if I, if the thumbnail for today was Mr. Monopoly showing empty pockets.
(16:10)  Like, I got no pics.  Right?  And boom, it brought this one.  I was like, don't take the chance.  Perfect.  But it looks blah.  I don't like the look of it.  So I went to Grok, and I attached it.  You can just hit the attachment button upload a file and i uploaded  that that picture and i said make a color version of this that's all i did and you know what it did  it made a color version and i looked at it and i was like still too bland give me better resolution  and still too bland give me a more more modern looking and AI looking background. And
(16:47)  that's what it gave me. Those two choices. Are you freaking kidding me? This is just the drop  in the bucket of what we're getting out of AI. And I'll bet that 90% of you aren't even using it  for this yet, much less the videos you see out there. Oh man. I mean, Snoop Dogg is going ham,  you see out there? Oh, man.
(17:04)  I mean, Snoop Dogg is going ham.  Right? Snoop... There was one I saw.  It's some people on safari.  Right? You know, in the golf cart,  the giant golf cart safari, you know,  and there's lions and stuff. In this video,  there's no lions. Instead, there's a Doberman  pincher. And...  Pinser, whatever.  And he's running towards  the golf cart.
(17:26)  And he jumps on the golf cart and everybody goes,  and then the Doberman takes his face off and it's Snoop Dogg. And they're like,  I'm Snoop Dogg, you're so funny. But before that, it was a Doberman. Snoop Dogg cannot run like  that Doberman did. And I was like, man, this AI is getting crazy. Like probably five years ago,  that might've been a  million dollar video, like the FX that go with that.
(17:51)  And now just as easily as I made this,  he probably made that right. Pretty close to it. That's what's happening with AI.  These are the changes going on. And this is why you have to pay heavy attention because it's not  just about Nvidia. Should I buy Nvidia? No, I'm not saying no,  don't buy NVIDIA. I'm saying you're missing the point.
(18:14)  The point is learn about AI and what you  can do with it for two reasons. One, if you've got a career, it might be affected by AI,  positively or negatively, depending on how well you know how to use it.  And two, you're going to understand more about how our world is about to change dramatically because of AI.
(18:50)  utilizing AI in their businesses, showing a statistically significant improvement in  earnings over those that aren't.  Okay, so it's starting already.  I also have, let me see, among my notes, where are my notes?  I have so many notes for today, but they're in digital form. numbers, the productivity component of GDP.  Productivity is rising. And there has to be an answer for this, right? We're presuming it's AI.
(19:36)  Ed's presuming it's AI. The data that we see from the companies that are using AI,  outperforming those that aren't, says that it's AI.  I can tell you from my operations, like my ability to find good stock picks, even though there hasn't been one since October, dramatically changed because of AI.  AI, I'm paying maybe, what, 60 bucks a month for the professional versions of Grok and Gemini,  30 each, I would pay probably a hundred grand a year for what they're doing for me  in terms of productivity. Honestly, that's what it's worth. Okay. Um, so maybe I wouldn't pay a
(20:21)  hundred grand, but that is what it's worth.  So boom.  AI is not a bubble.  Let's get into more of what we got for you today.  As always, we're going to keep doing the macro thing.  It's quick. It's easy.  We're in neutral territory as far as the fear-greed index goes.  So boom.
(20:47)  Nothing to see here interest rates continue  to be low which in the absence of economic weakness is a positive and we don't have  economic weakness we had a strong gdb quarter by all accounts we have another one coming up. Okay. The data is there. You can look up the Atlanta Fed.  Atlanta Fed GDP now.  Boom.  Okay.  And we can see what the GDP now is.
(21:17)  Right.  That was easy enough to look up.  We can get rid of Mr. Monopoly there.  And let's see what we got.  Look at that.  Okay. The Atlanta Fed, I mean,  good Lord, three to 5%. All right. It just spiked from three to 5% for some reasons. Let's just say it's somewhere in between three and 5% is the estimate of Atlanta. And Atlanta is really good at estimating this. I mean, the range of forecasts from everybody else out there, those prognosticators, between zero and basically slightly below zero and close to 2%, the average being just under 1%.
(21:58)  So just over 1%, okay, that's still growth.  It's not recession.  And Atlanta just spiked.  growth. It's not recession. And Atlanta just spiked. And this number, I assume this is positioned here because this is data as of November, December. And this is the latest  data from Atlanta. Economy's doing good. Okay. Maybe we'll keep this up here for the future.
(22:20)  That's actually maybe even more useful than the interest rate stuff. Okay. So that's  the macro end of story. Um, let's get to the charts. Most importantly, um, you guys already  know, hopefully if you don't, um, go back to my past videos, there's a description of how to get  my instruction manual and all that. So you understand what these red lines and green lines mean and all that. It's a yellow alert, except for the Russell.
(22:51)  And the Russell is  quickly approaching that yellow alert territory. We're, what, 4% or 5% away from yellow alert  on the IWM, which is the Russell 2000. The Q's, the NASDAQ, that is, is already there.  the Russell 2000. The Q's, the NASDAQ, that is, is already there. The Magnificent 7 has started underperforming the non-magnificent 493. Okay.
(23:20)  And as a result, the S&P is also in yellow alert  territory. Okay. That means be careful. Like Mr. Monopoly says in the thumbnail, why take the chance?  And that's the thing for me.  I'm not in this to make pick after pick after pick, right?  Because I don't look to make money off of my picks getting picked up by you.  I make my picks because I expect them to make money over time.
(23:41)  I could shut down the show tomorrow and it won't change anything about my picks.  Proof?  Sure.  Drone Shield?  I got out of that at 2.  It went to 430.  TSSI?  I got out of that at 18.  It went to 30.  And Kraken, maybe the mother of all, got out of that, heaven forbid, at two.  And it's threatening six. Okay.
(24:19)  If anything, I look like a joke for having, you know, like,  okay, I picked it down here. And some people might have said, that's a pump. Nobody said it was a pump. I don't get that anymore.  That's nice.  And it ran to two.  And that was the top.  That's just all I could do.  I couldn't calculate what the company is worth with surety.  It was tough.  So I never turned this line red.
(24:41)  And with the uncertainty out there, I certainly couldn't put you guys at risk.  I still own a  little bit of it, right? Cool. I'm making some money. But even though I reserve the right to  change my opinion and positions at will, it's not my business model, that's for sure, right?  So as you can see, I can make money on these stocks whether I'm public or not.
(25:08)  And that's always been the case.  So why make a pick in a yellow alert unless it's a 10?  Something that I feel really comfortable will outperform even if the market heads down, right?  So as you've noted, I have focused on my existing picks.  I tell you just about every week  that I've continued buying more and more geodrill, right?  Not a pumpy stock for sure.
(25:36)  And I've done that.  I've continued to buy more and more geodrill.  I didn't buy any this week, right?  I hope none of you, again,  if you didn't hear me earlier in  the show, don't have your finger on the trigger. I'm buying geodrill now. Like why are you buying  geodrill now? If you didn't buy it before, I've only been talking about geodrill for, I don't know,  years. Right. Um, we certainly, let me see. And this is the thing.
(26:01)  This is what we're going to  get rid of on the show are people that have their finger on the trigger ready to buy.  Right. No. Boom. I mean, I've been talking about Geodrill for way longer than this.  This was two years ago. And I was talking about it further back than that. Right.  So this is where you really wanted to be in at the green line. Right.
(26:27)  you really wanted to be in at the green line, right? Not buying in now just because I'm buying every week because it's incremental, number one. And number two, my net worth has been growing. So  okay, I'm going to add a little bit. That's my business, right? But that's not an invitation  for you to follow me along. Keeping it real.
(26:47)  See, this is kind of like some people said that they really like,  like when I end the show, you keep seeing me on the screen for a minute or so before I actually  hit the sign off button. Cause I'm just kind of turning off the lights and all that stuff.  But I keep talking like stream of consciousness. You're going to get more of that now, right? So  it's going to be, this show is going to be more of a, like watching me  work kind of feel. Hope you like it. Cause I like it better personally.
(27:12)  I know a lot of you won't,  and a lot of you will go away. That's cool. All right. Um, let's see what we got here.  Ah, okay. Into the stocks we go. Um,  go. So we talked about Geodrill. I was also going to say TPCS is the other one that I like it. You know, even though it's run recently. So, right. Don't act. This is no wink, no nod.
(27:39)  This is  serious. Right. Don't go jumping on the stock just because I like it now. It's run a bit here.  I have no plans on selling a single share.  But who knows?  But I like where it is.  I like what it's doing.  I like the news flow that we're getting out of the government.  Oh, yeah, and we were going to get to that anyways, I thought.
(28:05)  Yeah, let's bury the lead. Let's move this to the front going to get to that anyways, I thought. Yeah.  Let's bury the lead.  Let's move this to the front before we get to air, A-E-H-R.  And here's the news this week.  Defense stocks, they were whipsawed, actually.  This is the better one.  It was whipsawed.
(28:27)  Because Trump, first he came out and said, I'm going to put a ban on dividends and buybacks for defense stocks.  And they went haywire, right?  And then he said, I'm going to have a $1.5 trillion military budget in 2027. For those that aren't keeping track, the current budget is $1 trillion.  So, first of all, with all due respect, Mr. President, no, you're not.
(28:49)  You're not going to take the defense. There's no way you're taking the military budget to 1.5 trillion in 2027 when it's only one trillion now.  But we know Trump's game, right? His game is speaking things into existence.  He directionally, this is accurate,  directionally, he's going to push for this. And that means he's going to get as much as he can.
(29:21)  If it's 1.2 trillion, that's crazy, right? And people say, he said 1.5. Well, that's how you negotiate, dummy. Sorry for the dummy treatment, but really, like, that's, read Art of the Deal by Donald Trump, and you'll understand how he does things.  Because some of you seem to be annoyed by it.  And listen, I'm apolitical.
(29:34)  I'm like, I'm in the middle.  Like, ever since Democrats and Republicans went like this, I was like, I'm not going with either one of y'all.  Right?  Like, I always leaned Republican, but I'm not going in that direction where it's like, if  you're not us, you're the enemy.  Fine.  Then I'm, but I'm not the enemy because I'm not them and I'm not you, right?  So keep that in mind when I say that this is the way he operates.
(30:02)  Don't get pissed with what he does.  It's worked very well for him,  obviously. Right. Um, it rubs me the wrong way too, but it gets the job done. So effort, you know,  nothing you can do about it. Anyways, you think you're going to get Donald Trump to change  how Donald Trump is now? Um, the point being he threatened to stop buybacks and dividends why because he doesn't want these fat dumb  big defense companies we're not talking about tpcs we're talking about general dynamics  hunting ingles raytheon he really targeted that one i think rtx i think it is fat, dumb and happy. Why are they fat, dumb and happy?
(30:47)  Because in my opinion, the Cold War, which ended in 1990, greatly decreased demand for defense contractors and the defense contractors realized this is not good for us.  If we have tons of infrastructure and all of a sudden demand drops  and we're going to be left with tons of underutilized infrastructure.
(31:10)  And if we use  debt to buy that infrastructure, then we have debt payments. And if we can't fill out that  infrastructure, it's like buying an apartment building with a hundred units in it and only  have one rented out. You're going to go bankrupt. Okay. So they decided, I think this is my  hypothesis in their infinite wisdom.
(31:27)  We're  going to make sure that we always have backlog. And one way that we can make sure we always have  backlog is to never be on time delivering stuff. Right. And fast forward to today where the United  States needs more than two subs per year. We can't crank out more than one.
(31:47)  Why? Partly probably because  those fat, dumb, happy companies don't want to crank out more than one. But more likely,  especially after the last few years of pressure from government, they can't. They didn't build  up the infrastructure to do it. So now, over the last two years, I remember it was not this NFL season, but last NFL season, the first Thursday night game of the season.
(32:11)  So this was, what, a year and a half ago.  I saw an advertisement for come make submarines.  So that is a crazy advertisement to see in prime time.  But it was the U.S. government, the Navy sponsoring an advertisement.  Come and make submarines. Come and get a career. You can move to Groton, Connecticut.
(32:31)  They will train you how to  be a great welder. And over the course, and it takes like five years, by the way, to become a  great welder. This is the problem because they've been trying to get welders to make these submarines  for years. And the problem is that most of the people that they got three years ago  only have three years of experience, and you really need five  before you can become unsupervised and start training the younger ones and all that stuff.
(32:55)  So this has been a process.  And the government is pouring more and more money into this,  and we're starting to see the fruits of the labor, right?  Because we're three years into a five-year process.  This is when you start seeing the effect, right?  We're closer to the end than the beginning.  So we're starting to see, for example, TPCS's earnings tick up.
(33:15)  They've also recently relaxed, the government recently relaxed some regulations,  I don't know what to call it, around deals under $2 million need to be scrutinized in  a certain way. They raise that number to $10 million. That makes it a lot easier for TPCS  to get a deal and not have that deal go through some kind of paperwork, which by the way means  that their G&A expenses probably decrease. Less paperwork, less G&A expense, more profits.
(33:47)  probably decrease. Less paperwork, less GNA expense, more profits. Also, what was the other number? Oh, you know, if the company has less than 50 million of revenue, they have to go through  some other hoops in terms of, you know, financial auditing and blah, blah, blah. They raised that  number to 100 million. Okay.
(34:08)  What is it? Oh, you go up to, up up to that amount i forget how it was exactly sorry you know my  memory is not great with this um but what it basically meant was that until tpcs has over  100 million in revenue they're not going to be as scrutinized it's going to be an easier path for  them okay um this wasn't obviously directed at tS. It was directed at the entire complex, which consists of tons of companies, similar size and many a lot smaller than TPCS.
(34:33)  And the reason for that is that they want to alleviate the bottlenecks so they can get more submarines.  So there you go.  But we've been talking about this for a long time.  This is just the latest salvo.  So please, I hope we don't see TPCS raising price. And I don't even want to look at it. All right.
(34:51)  Cause I'm not going to act on it. Forget it. Like I'm in it to win it with this stock.  I think this can go higher, but if you haven't, you'd be chasing, right? I'd rather you wait  until it comes down a little bit. It's for an opportunity if you haven't bought it already because you haven't been watching the show for some odd reason.
(35:12)  Okay?  So I'm just going to keep being like, right, this is the education I want to give you all.  Okay.  So that's TPCS.  We're going to talk about that stock as well soon we got those notes to go over  so this is good we're doing good um ahr they announced earnings last night in addition to  those earnings they announced five million dollars of orders for the sonoma system for burn-in AI processors. That's from multiple customers. It's happening.
(35:52)  Now, let's keep it in perspective. $5 million is not a ton of money. It's pretty good. I think  that's roughly half of what they just reported for the quarter, So six weeks worth of revenue in the single order. But  I don't think we see an order like this every six weeks.
(36:11)  And then we're going to need to do that  for that to really be wow. But it came in conjunction with their earnings where they  missed estimates. Oops. But they reinstated guidance. They pulled guidance. They're like,  we can't even,  we can't even give you guidance because we have no idea what we're going to make in the future.  And so they reinstated guidance because now they feel like they've got better visibility  into the future, specifically 60 to $80 million of orders coming before their fiscal year end,  which is May 30th, that's substantial.
(36:53)  But those orders are for delivery in fiscal 27, which means after May 31st.  So we're not going to see any revenue from that news until at least June, July, August is when that quarter will end, which they'll report maybe in October.  So we're not going to see it in the numbers until October.  That doesn't mean that the stock won't go up in the meantime, though.
(37:23)  My mentor told me, it's funny because I traded the stock a little bit in after hours, you know, bought some and then I sold it, made a little profit.  That was cute.  But my mentor said, you know, these stocks, you know, institutions buy these stocks on orders. And they just told us that orders are coming.
(37:32)  And I should have listened to them because the stock was down in after hours when I was playing with it.  Now it's at 13%.  Right.  Big move. I don't know if it's retail or institutions or what's causing the move,  but it's reflective of the belief. I do hold a position in AHR. The same position I held before I did the trade because what I bought, I also sold. It was the same amount. So I have the same amount of AHR as I had yesterday and probably last week because I don't remember trading at any time recently. And I will be keeping that position for all disclosure, barring some crazy news because it's a small position. I'm kind of regretting I didn't buy more on that news.
(38:27)  Or at this 200-day moving average. So there are moving averages, there are technicals that you  can look at, you can learn all that stuff to kind of guide you a little bit in between the lines of  fundamental risk reward.
(38:46)  Keeping in mind that if we're ever going to get to this price up here, which is what,  $65 a share, right? Yes, I do believe that is possible. And it's not a surprise because  the stock has been 54 in the past. So why would 65 in the future be crazy considering this was  on the back of EVs, electric vehicles, Tesla, and this is presumably going to be on the back of AI,  right? But we're not there yet. We're still waiting to see if the momentum continues.
(39:13)  They have to prove themselves. This only happens if and when they're operating on all 10 cylinders.  And they're not yet, clearly. They didn't have a great quarter. They had great guidance.  They reinstated guidance.  The bookings guidance was spectacular. And obviously, the stock is reacting to that today.
(39:37)  One thing that's funny, though, as I was revising this, we see the new font there. AI made it. Thank you, AI, and gave a little shine here. That's cool.  shine here. That's cool. We got here a couple slides for you. Okay, blow that up. These are slides that I forgot to delete a long time ago. And this was from the May quarter, I believe, a long time ago, okay? Last May. Lower short-term prospects.
(40:10)  Well,  guess what? What did they just give us? They just gave us, I think it was the November quarter they  just gave us, and they gave us lower short-term prospects again, right? Weak bookings in the  quarter. They gave us weak bookings in the quarter again, if I recall right.  But as well as implicit zero revenue in June, yeah, I don't know about that. But what I do know is that they gave us stronger outlook for bookings.
(40:40)  But look how long it's taken for them to get to  this point. And I've talked about this, right? This is what wait time is all about. We're in, you know, we are in the gold mine, I believe for their AI business, but we're still  waiting for it to really inflect, right? I fully believe that their AI opportunity is real. And  you're seeing orders from multiple customers, right? You saw that in that press release there,  which by the way, this is nothing new, right nothing new. When I show you Wall Street research and press releases and stuff like that, I don't know why you would go out and buy the stock immediately because it's known stuff.
(41:17)  Why you would buy the stock up 13%, you're chasing.  So keep that in mind.  Although it may be justified.  I just, you know, I certainly wouldn't chase a 13% move unless I was completely blown away.  And if I was completely blown away, I would have kept the shares that I bought last night.  But it's, they're going in the right direction.
(41:40)  And here's why, right?  You've got this one, right?  Oh, they're, by the way, they're also going to present at Needham in a few days on the 13th. And here's why. You've got this one right there.  By the way, they're also going to present at Needham in a few days on the 13th.  So keep that in mind.  But orders from multiple customers.
(41:58)  And this is what I talk about often is you get one customer.  Yeah, that's cool.  But it could just be one dummy that doesn't know better but to buy your product.  But when you see multiple customers, sophisticated, these are ai customers starting to buy these things um that is notable okay another thing i would put in my notebook and yes i you know we do the coach a whole thing and  i'm going to get rid of all that but the notebook please please please please have a notebook and a  pen write some of the stuff down for christ's sake um this is for the sonoma systems. Those are the cheap systems. This is the company that they acquired. This is not their traditional
(42:29)  Fox XP system, which is more like $4 million per unit versus the Sonomas that are like a 10th of  that. Okay. So they're still, you know, selling those little systems, not the big systems.  But in the earnings call, GAIN did say that their bigger systems are actually being tested.  It's not just being talked about, it's being tested.
(42:57)  And this is what I'm talking about with progress.  We'll go to this slide here.  You can read this on your own because it's all still relevant, right? This might be a slide from last May, but it's still relevant today. What is it? Seven, eight months later, right?  But the last thing I say, it feels like ATTU back in the day.
(43:22)  What does that mean? Well,  if I type in ATTU, nothing comes up. That's because  the company got acquired. It was Attunity. It was one of my best picks ever. It went from three to  27. It was acquired for 27, maybe by Microsoft. I don't remember. I just remember making money.  And the thing about Attunity was that it was a slow progress.
(43:49)  There were three quarters, right? I owned the stock  and I believe I kept buying more each quarter, but they missed and missed and missed those three  quarters in a row. But if you listened to the earnings call and the reason for the miss,  the first miss was because they weren was because they had a problem.  The product was seeing demand, but this was relatively new to them.
(44:13)  Listen to this.  This is important.  I'm teaching you guys something.  The product was relatively new, seeing demand in the marketplace, but their internal systems for taking prospects, incoming prospects, as well as like they had a team that was going out and trying to drum up business, get people interested.
(44:33)  That's a pre-sales team.  Okay.  The pre-sales team was gathering prospects, but they didn't have a good system for handing those leads off to the salespeople.  Well, you're probably not going to make many sales if you're not handing the leads to the salespeople.  That's crazy.  But that's what happens in small companies.
(44:57)  So, okay, let's see what happens.  At least they're getting a bunch of leads.  I was encouraged by that.  The following quarter, they miss again.  Listen to the earnings call.  And what do they say?  We're doing a great job of handing the leads off to the sales force. Beautiful. But the sales force has been learning how to present our product. We're making progress in that regard.
(45:23)  We are  close to signing deals, but it just didn't happen this quarter.  Okay, cool. You see the progress there? There's progress. That's a company making progress. And  it took three months for that little, what seems like little progress, but that's what it might  take to figure out how to get a pre-sales team to operate in conjunction with a sales team.
(45:43)  Following quarter, third quarter in a row, they miss again.  And on this earnings call, I got so excited because what they said was,  the problems that we had last quarter with the sales team have been alleviated.  We got many deals to the finish line, but they didn't close before the end of the quarter  because of the terms and conditions, the legalese in our contracts. That was it.
(46:17)  That was the only  pushback. Everybody was signing off on the deal. Everybody that needed to sign off was signing off. CEOs, CFO, CIO,  whatever, right? But then when they sent it off to legal for signature, the customer,  the customer's legal department said, no, you need to change X, Y, and Z.
(46:40)  So the standard contract  they had created in preparation for all of this business coming in wasn't to the liking of  the customer. So I knew that's the easiest thing to fix, that the next quarter was going to be  great and then they were going to be off to the races. And guess what? The next quarter was great  and they were off to the races. End of story. Put that in your notebook.
(47:03)  Remember it because if you  do listening to earnings calls and you hear stories about  what companies are doing, this is what you want to do.  This is part of what you want in your notebook, right?  Just a little jot it down.  Just jot down what I said about air and what it looked like back in May of last year and  what it looked like this time.
(47:19)  So the next time you hear something about AEHR, you can compare it to where it was months  prior.  And then you don't need me because what happens if I get hit by a bus or decide, you know what? I don't  want to do this anymore. I had so much fun in Croatia on my vacation several months ago that  maybe I want to go on vacation more and just stop doing this. That's not going to happen.
(47:46)  I'm not going to just stop doing this.  But what if I do?  And you didn't take notes and you didn't learn.  And you didn't understand what to look for in a good analyst.  And what to look for in a good stock.  And how to watch and follow that progression.  Then you've gotten nothing.  Then all you did was take my fish instead of learning how to fish.
(48:09)  And to that, anybody on this show that has that attitude, I say F you, frankly.  And I'm being real on that.  I'm not being a coach a-hole.  I just really mean, like, that's not what I'm here for.  I'm here to teach people because I was taught.  I'm here because my mentor taught me.  I'm not going to give you the whole story of earning money and living in a penthouse and all that stuff because  the fact of the matter is this is a really nice place but I'm not like I'm  not here popping champagne bottles with strippers all day every day no I've got
(48:39)  a baby we wake up earlier than I used to wake up she needs to be entertained and  fed and changed.  And yeah, daddy knows how to change the diapers.  Not so glamorous, huh?  I drive a BMW X5.  It's a, the car, blue book value is probably like $35,000 at this point.  I used to have a Ferrari, but it was, to me, it was a pain in the ass.
(49:04)  I didn't like it.  I didn't like how much it cost it was in  the shop four out of 12 months a year it cost me like twenty thousand dollars of maintenance  if the brakes squeaked for those of you know about sports cars of that level exotics ceramic  brakes squeak so they're really great if you want to go out on the highway and drive a hundred and  zillion miles an hour these are phenomenal brakes but  guess what that's not what i want i wanted to like you know like i thought it'd be cool to own a  ferrari and that's what i would drive around in that'd be my daily driver and as i'm driving around
(49:36)  miami beach with the hard top down and stuff like that was really cool and till i come up to a red light, and I'm slowing down, and every single time,  what the F? It was annoying, bro. I didn't like that car. I loved how it looked. It was beautiful,  but it was nowhere near, like, the X5 I have is a way better car than that Ferrari was, and my first real good car, a BMW 325, it was $32,000 brand spanking new in 2002.
(50:07)  That was a way better  car than my Ferrari. Sorry. Okay. So you're not missing out on much. You don't need to get rich.  I don't need to get rich. I got, I passed in the amount of money that I'll ever need many, many,  many years ago. And I just enjoy doing this. So, you know, like we don't need all that.  Sorry for being preachy. I just went off, went off script there.
(50:26)  But anyways, I'm going to delete  these air slides because they don't belong here. Hopefully, you got to look at it. If not, go watch  the replay later. Let's see what's next. Oh, did I delete too much? Yes, I did. All right, cool.  What's next? Oops, I didn't mean to do that either. That was the Atlanta Fred thing that we wanted to keep for later.
(50:48)  Cool. All right. That's that. All right. So that's A.H.R. So, yeah, I think it's good.  It was it was nice progress. No doubt. Was it enough progress to justify a 14 percent move?  And it's not for me to say, I don't like, you know, like if it was up 4%, you know, then it would be more of a no-brainer.
(51:11)  This is the thing.  It's not a no-brainer to me that it should be up 14%. Yeah, people are getting excited.  Maybe they stay excited.  Maybe they don't, right?  But to me, that's chasing.  I don't want to chase.  I'd rather wait, especially in a yellow alert.  It's a yellow alert.  Okay.  So here I own the stock, but I'm telling you not to buy it because we're in a yellow alert  and the stock just went up 14%.
(51:33)  Don't do that.  I'm not selling it.  Right.  I don't own enough, but I'm not going to go buy more up 14% because there's a decent chance  I'm going to get a chance to buy it at a cheaper price.  Although, you know, maybe I should have been more aggressive down here at the do is like right  around the 200 day moving average. Right. So, okay, whatever. And if I missed it, I missed it.
(51:56)  So be it. Learn a lesson, move on, apply that to the next one. All right, let's keep going.  Boom. Curiosity stream. You guys, a lot of you guys have talked, asked's keep going. Boom.  Curiosity stream.  A lot of you guys have asked me about this.  Why don't you put it in the official or unofficial or anything?  It's a yellow alert.
(52:23)  And I'm still trying to figure out, like, you know,  I'm going to continue converting this into more of a notebook.  And as I convert this into a notebook, we're going to get rid of this whole performance thing. I'm going to end up closing all these positions at some point, right?  And for those of you, Mark's going to close the positions.
(52:44)  Before you go do that, there's a reason why I put this together.  You might have seen this last week.  These are the stocks that I closed last year.  They're up an average of 54% versus when I closed them.  Okay?  them. Okay. So if you closed your positions, when I closed them,  you missed out on an average 54% gain. Okay. So why'd you close the mark? A couple of reasons.
(53:23)  You notice these are all the ones that I closed on January 3rd. If you were on that show,  if I remember right, I'm not dropping coverage or moving to a sell rating. I don't do that. I'm not a Wall Street analyst. If I'm dropping coverage, right, there's a few reasons. One, I'm not so interested anymore.
(53:36)  Two, I maybe lost access to resources that helped me cover the company. Let's say a third party expert or  something that moved on to a company that tells them, you know, tells them, oh, you can't talk  to anybody about X, Y, and Z. It's not that I'm getting insider information. I'm just saying,  you know, like if, if an ex Gartner group friend of mine goes to work for Gartner group, then he  probably shouldn't be providing me with Gartner information.
(54:03)  But before he goes to Gartner group,  he can provide me with his expertise. It doesn't really work that way, but it's just an example.  I graduated these picks. Graduating is different than moving down to a sell rating, okay?  When I pick companies that's not for the, like, these are long-term picks. I pick companies that  I really believe have value, and that value doesn't end in a year or two years  or when I exit them out of a spreadsheet, right? When I exit them out of the spreadsheet, a lot of  times, I mean, Celsius, I've been following Celsius since it was near bankrupt in 2009.
(54:37)  Okay. Now everybody knows what Celsius is. So once that happened, right, initial interest, June 2022.  Not everybody knew what Celsius was in June of 2022.  In January of 25, everybody knew what Celsius was.  Okay?  So I'm out.  There was no need to continue covering it.  Everybody knows this company.  What value am I bringing to the table?  I'm not going to just sit here and talk about companies that everybody knows for two hours every week.
(55:10)  I'm boring enough as it is  when I'm being real, right? So anyways, the same thing is going to happen eventually to these  companies. They will continue to be covered. They will continue to be talked about. I'll continue to own most, if not all of them. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.  Like Geodrill, I don't know about position size, but I anticipate owning that stock until Dave  Harper sells it. He's the CEO. He owns 38%.
(55:43)  And he intends to get every last drop of value out  of that company. And he owns 38% of it. I think he's  going to do that. And I'd like to go along for that ride with my much less than 38% holding in  the company. So that will enable me to convert this more into more of a notebook. So we can talk  about more names that go into the notebook and not be official picks or unofficial picks or any of that  BS, right? Because what do I need these picks for? To prove my performance?  Last time I checked, I don't need to prove my performance, right? Was it 14 straight
(56:20)  winners? Unprecedented, by the way, in my experience, I've never, I never had a streak  like this.  It's by the grace of God.  And probably my daughter, she's probably like a lucky horseshoe or something.  Right.  But I'm bound to come up with losers.  I mean, there's one in the unofficial idealist, whatever that means.
(56:37)  Right.  Minus four.  I'm not perfect.  But we can talk about stocks without adding them to these lists.  Uh, all right, so let's keep going.  So curiosity stream the spreadsheet, right?  Um, but I like it.  I own it.  I bought more of it this week.  I think it was this week, right?  If it wasn't this week, it was late last week.
(57:02)  Um, it doesn't meet the criteria that I like for an official pick,  but it does in some other people's eyes that I respect. I like the stock enough that it's  a pretty decent sized position for me. And what I want to talk about, so first of all,  the news, right? They reaffirmed their financial outlook.
(57:27)  So in other words, we're going to make our guidance.  And yet the stock is down almost 50%.  Or is it more than that?  It's more than, pretty close.  Like exactly 50% down from its high, right?  And all they've done is meet their expectations.  Cool. Whatever, right? That gives us the opportunity to buy more, which is what I did.
(58:02)  And I had sold puts, so I have more exposure that way too. Those shares will be put to me. What else?  Oh, the dividend history.  Okay.  This is what I want to get to.  By the way, they will be presenting at an investment conference next week.  I think Monday.  I don't know if they announced that or not, but it's public knowledge.
(58:21)  It's not insider information.  I don't deal with that.  knowledge. It's not insider information. I don't deal with that. But these dividends,  if you add them up, going back to April of 2024, 44.5 cents. I'll do the math for you. 44.5 cents.  When a company gives a dividend, oh, I'm sorry, 45.5. I put it in my notes. Crazy, right? When a company gives out a dividend, the chart does not adjust for that.
(58:49)  It just goes down.  If they gave out a 60-cent dividend tomorrow, the chart would go down 60 cents.  And what would that make the stock look like? It would make the chart look like the stock is going down.  And if the week after that they gave another dividend of 60 cents, it would look like the stock is just crashing, right? They could actually, they could conceivably give out  so many dividends that it makes the stock look like it's crashing, causing people to panic,  right? And not people who own the stock necessarily, but people who don't own the stock
(59:20)  to be like, oh, this is a short. The stock, the chart broke.  Oh man, this is why technical analysis is so bad sometimes.  Because no, the chart didn't necessarily break and certainly not because of the fundamentals  of the company in my estimation,  but more likely the chart broke  because they were giving out so many dividends  that it drove the stock down  under what people would consider to be technical levels.
(59:48)  And then you start seeing people really file out,  right?  Really like panic out because,  Oh,  it broke the technicals.  I don't know what the tech was worth at that,  at that point in time.  Right.  It break,  broke the 200 day moving average and the 50 and it's a death cross.  Look at that death cross.  Well,  yeah,  you can have a death cross.
(1:00:04)  If you give out 45 cents of dividends on a $3.50 stock.  You see? This is why technical analysis is just a tool, not the same as risk-reward fundamental analysis.  Okay? So once I realized that, I said I need to buy more. And I did.  Okay? And hopefully you guys aren't  piling in chasing the stock. I don't know what it's doing right now.
(1:00:30)  I know it's, it's up 5%  on this, but I think this is delayed. Is it? No, this is real time. Is it moving? Good. It's not  moving. Ah, you guys are getting it. You're understanding, right? Cause you would be  chasing it. The stock's up 5% today and everybody knows they're presenting on Monday. So why would  you gamble? Right? Like I wouldn't be a bit surprised the stock're presenting on Monday.
(1:00:46)  So why would you gamble?  Right?  Like, I wouldn't be a bit surprised if the stock's down on Monday because the stock ran up.  Look at this.  The stock ran up ahead of the, it's up 9% in two days.  Ahead of the conference.  And if nothing game-changing comes out of that conference, then people will be let down and maybe the stock pulls back.
(1:01:10)  Or maybe they'll be excited and the stock goes up. 50-50 chance maybe. We're not here to flip coins. I own the stock. Don't buy the stock up 5%. We're keeping it real here, guys.  But I like it. I still like what's going on there. Look, they gave guidance, positive guidance.
(1:01:43)  So I don't expect any new like if they were had other great news to give out, wouldn't they have given it out with the guidance change?  to new institutions that come to realize,  whoa, this is a nice story,  then yeah, the stock could go up.  But guess what?  Institutions don't go diving into a stock the first day they talk to the company.  That's something the dummies do.  So it's funny how people sometimes freak out,  and I used to be one of them, right?  I would be at a conference.
(1:02:03)  I would see a company present.  I would buy the stock instantaneously, not knowing anything that I needed to know professionally. It just sounded good. But guess what? Every company I saw present sounded good. Shocking. It's a CEO giving his side of the story. It's going to sound good.
(1:02:28)  Why wouldn't it?  story. It's going to sound good. Why wouldn't it? Right? I bought those stocks and like the next day they were all like not performing well. And I was like, man, sell. And I sold them all and I  lost all that money. That was dumb because I didn't do the actual research. I didn't look  into which companies were good or not. I didn't go back and spend a hundred hours of research like the professionals that were there did.
(1:02:50)  I was not  a professional at that point. I was brand new. That was my first conference. And maybe two weeks,  three weeks, four weeks later, a lot of those same stocks started heading up and some of them  went up a lot.  There were 10 baggers that came out of that conference.  And I missed them because I didn't know what I was doing.
(1:03:11)  Learn, all right?  That's that for the slides.  Let me see if I missed anything in my...  Hopefully you guys are enjoying this.  I mean, we got a huge audience here.  So I don't know.  Maybe the change is working out.  I don't know.  We're already at the top of the hour.  So, anything that I missed in my notes, we've got air there.
(1:03:36)  I talked about that.  Oh, Gatekeeper announced a $1 million contract.  A $0.8 million contract.  I didn't put that on the screen.  Whoop-de-doo, $0.8 million. But no,  it's not just whoop-de-doo. Nothing to go crazy over. But let's see. Let me see if I can dig that up here. Here we go. What's important about this is not the size because it's tiny, but it's with L&T Technology Services.
(1:04:11)  This is a major systems integrator who, when trained systems, right, you see this rail project in the Middle East. This means that they've moved to the next step with L&T where L&T actually wants  to utilize their systems maybe to test it out. I didn't get a chance to read this.  I would read this. Chart-wise, I like the 200-day moving average.
(1:04:45)  By the way,  you see that right there? That's my prediction of where the 200-day moving average. By the way, you see that right there?  That's my prediction of where the 200-day moving average is going.  I explained last week how you can predict where the 200-day moving average is going  because the 200-day moving average is the moving average of 200 days.
(1:04:57)  So if you literally go back 200 days, which takes us back to right about here,  tomorrow, this little dot right here will not be part of the 200-day  moving average anymore. And 10 days from now, these dots will no longer be part of the 200-day  moving average.
(1:05:19)  Whatever the stock is tomorrow or Monday, that will be added to the 200-day  moving average. It doesn't take a dummy to realize that this is a lower number than this, and therefore the 200-day moving average will move up ever so slightly on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday unless the stock closes below these levels.  That's just how a moving average works.  That's how an average works.
(1:05:39)  An average is an average of all the numbers.  And if you take that number out that's low and add in this number that's high, you've got a higher average. You say, what's the average player on this basketball team?  Right? And you take the worst player and kick him off the team and you replace him with LeBron  James. The average player on the team is now much better.
(1:06:04)  The team is much better, right?  That's what's going on here. The  moving average is moving up. So maybe we move sideways to it, maybe we move down to it. Maybe  we don't at all. Maybe this is like, you know, people say, I want to get more aggressive here,  but we've got the 50 day moving average moving down.
(1:06:19)  We've got the 200 day moving average moving  up. We have the stock aggressively moving towards the red line. So hopefully you guys all took lots of profits on  this, right? As we talk about, um, and, uh, now are looking at an opportunity to buy back in,  right? We got, wow. I didn't even realize down 40% off the high.
(1:06:48)  I mean, boom, if that's not right, if that's not an indication of how to not be greedy,  right?  When others are being greedy, I don't know what is.  Boom.  Okay.  So that's gatekeeper.  Anything else in my notes important for today?  We talked about SEDU.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(1:07:19)  for today we talked about see do oh yeah just know guys like the other thing that I that made me decide that I don't want more followers is that I get bombed bro  I'm getting hundreds of emails every day and everybody wants me to pick their  stock right and a lot of them are these  little tiny micro caps with low floats and blah, blah, blah. No, no, I'm not going to be like your  mouthpiece. Go do your own analysis. Go start your own YouTube channel and pick your stocks.
(1:07:41)  I've got my method for finding stocks. Thank you very much. And if you're familiar with that process, right?  If you're really intimately familiar with that process and you guys know who you are,  then yeah, then you can come to me because you know what to present to me.  So it's not a waste of my time.
(1:07:58)  99% of those go in the garbage.  Okay.  I want nothing to do with it.  You know, I've had organizations reach out to  me. I had Tim Sykes want me to be part of his organization at one point. And I went and I spoke  to him, you know, looked into him. I didn't want to dismiss it. And I was like, this is a pumper.
(1:08:17)  No, thanks. You know, um, I want nothing to do with that. So anyways, that's why I don't if I don't respond like I've been like kind about responding to people that send me pics.  I'm not going to do that anymore.  So I wanted that to be said.  Don't take it personally.  If I don't respond to your email, that's what I'm here for.
(1:08:40)  Two hours a week to respond to your questions and stuff like that here.  hours a week to respond to your questions and stuff like that here not you breaking the fourth wall into my life all right keeping it real um okay that's good enough for now uh let's go to  q a this is still going to probably be a two-hour show because of, hey, it's the first real show of the year I did last week.
(1:09:07)  But, you know, this is the real audience thing.  Let's get into it, see if we have any comments on how the show is going.  And if you like it, and if you don't, hopefully you went away already.  And bye-bye.  Question marks, question marks.  Happy New Year to all you guys.  Didn't see a tweet and thought we had put out a bat signal.
(1:09:38)  Yeah, well, by the way, yeah, right?  So I'm not going to be sending out invitations anymore because I don't want to invite new people.  Like, yeah, you're going to tell people and it's going to, you know, it's going to, I think it's going to grow and it's going to shrink at the same time.  Right?  Quality people who appreciate this.
(1:09:55)  The real professional me.  This is me.  Right?  None of the Stock Talk Live.  I'm not even wearing my earrings.  And I actually usually wear my earrings, not just for show.  I like, you know, I know I'm 55 years old.  I probably shouldn't be wearing diamond earrings anymore. but I've been wearing them since the eighties. So it's just a part of who I am.
(1:10:16)  And at some point I know, I know, I know it's, I'm going to look like that guy,  you know, who's, um, stuck in the past. Um, but you know, I'm just being me, no special shirt,  no nothing. This is, this is how I like, if I show up in pajamas one day, don't be surprised. I'm going to be showing up to this show as I am. That's, right? The show is for me now. And what I want to do is help you guys, but it's still selfish. It's for me. Let's go. What's next? I've researched SIDU and live near them.
(1:10:49)  They are a CNC machining company that contracts with companies on the Space Coast.  Yeah, and that's fine.  Thank you for that, by the way.  Right?  I love, by the way, I love, this is perfect.  This is what I do it for.  All right?  The people that contribute something that's real.  I've researched SIDU and live near them, right?  And he gave a little bit of information on what they do.
(1:11:12)  Doesn't tell us necessarily if it's, you know, like if they're ready to explode or anything  like that based on independent third-party experts in the industry with multiple decades  of experience.  That's what I primarily look for.  But, you know, it helps.
(1:11:34)  I understand it's probably a real company, but it was a company  that needed real money. That's not a healthy company, by the way. Let's really take a look  at this because there is no way, right?  Like unless you have an independent third-party expert on this industry,  and yeah, okay, but Mark, you missed out on a four-bagger in just a few weeks.  It's more than that, right?  I mean, this stock was $0.64.
(1:12:00)  Now it's $4.  That's a six-bagger in 1.3 months, five or let's say six weeks.  So what?  That's not what I'm here for.  I didn't know if it would go up or down.  I just knew that I didn't like how it looked, right?  Let's see.  I mean,  I really think there's games being played on this stock.  Cause look at this,  look at these numbers guys.
(1:12:31)  And the market cap,  because of where it is right now,  I'm going to bet the market cap is,  Oh,  good God.  It's got to be 175 million.  Now  I wasn't close. 267. You know what the market cap on this stock was? I mean,  I told you at the beginning of the show, it pumped to $75 million. Okay. It pumped to $75 million.
(1:12:57)  So that meant that the market cap was probably $30 million right before the pump. And now it's  almost 10 times that amount.  I thought you said it was a six-bagger.  Yeah, it was a six-bagger.  You can do math.  $0.65 to $4 is a six-bagger.  Then why did you just say the market cap is a 10-bagger?  Because they raised money.
(1:13:16)  They issued more shares.  So now there's more shares times the share price.  So the market cap 10x'd, even though the stock only 6x'd.  That's called dilution.  That's what dilution does.  It lowers the impact of a share increase because there are more shares outstanding all right but when we look 260 million dollar market cap for a  company with five million dollars of revenue worse look at this 7 million and 22 6 million and 23 4.6 million and 24 and 3.
(1:13:52) 6 million over the last  trailing 12 months operating expenses of 17 million maybe they've got huge capacity  waiting to be utilized okay cool right and that's not for me to figure out it's not my expertise  but i i don't i don't know man like this is just a crazy world um with moves like this let's move on  air discussed oh mr ernie oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you know we've talked about that before thinking about it that  was a good comment customers are asking how many can you make that's not new news i've broken that  yeah i went to talk to gain in the past and he's been saying that for a while so that's not new
(1:14:38)  but it is encouraging right like obviously customers need to know what the capacity is of a supplier, especially this is the thing.  If AIR becomes the system of record, the testing system of an AI chip maker, then that's what they plan on using.  what they plan on using and they don't want to get put in a position where we need more testers because that's how we test our chips is with your testers and have the company say we don't have  enough capacity to make them for you for the next year that will severely hurt the customer
(1:15:20)  imagine google or amazon or heaven forbid nvidia not being able to crank out the  chips they want because the testing supplier couldn't um create enough testers for them  so what's interesting is that while it sounds really bullish right and i think it is right  it's a standard it should it has to be a standard question let's keep it in perspective  it's a standard it should it has to be a standard question let's keep it in perspective um looking for question marks  like keeping it real don't want to chase the latest trend beautiful all right thank you for
(1:16:00)  that feedback you're the type of person i want here. I'm looking for the question marks. Let's go for  the question marks. TPCS has been gaining momentum recently. Number of cylinders with all the defense  news. I don't know, Nick. You know, more than before, right? It's really hard to gauge like  how many cylinders, you know, I can give you my opinion, but I think it's better if you form your own opinion, ultimately.
(1:16:31)  They're not on all 10 cylinders, right?  They've still got a lot to work through.  The STADCO division is still working through stuff.  But here's the thing.  We see progress.  We see really good progress in the—I'm not going to put it up.  I put it up last week, I think, in the quarterly results.  If you listen to the transcripts of their earnings announcements, it's moving in a positive direction.
(1:16:53)  If you listen to what I said earlier, that's moving in a positive direction. When we draw these charts, the idea is if the company ever meets its full potential, this is where I envision the stock going based on the math.  And that's the goal of every company is to meet its full potential.  And there's the evidence in the marketplace.
(1:17:22)  This is how I answer the question.  I think this is a great answer. The evidence in the marketplace shows progress towards that happening eventually,  right? And if it happens eventually, then we're in great shape because number one,  that means it will eventually get to this line, right? And these lines are growing.
(1:17:45)  Where is, there we go.  These lines are growing at 10% a year, okay?  So if they just stay at the same number of cylinders they are now, if they just stay  at the same number of cylinders they are now, I would presume that the stock grows 10% per  year, right?  But we're talking about them getting eventually to all 10 cylinders.
(1:18:10)  And you see the chart now goes out to 2030.  So if it takes until 2030 for them to hit on all cylinders,  and this is why I don't like people asking me every week,  how many cylinders are they on now?  Does it really matter?  people asking me every week, how many cylinders are they on now? Does it really matter? You're getting as long as they are operating on the same number of cylinders, we should get 10% a year.
(1:18:35)  Not bad for a failure, right? But if they move on higher cylinders and whatever number of cylinders  it was a month ago, it's more now,  because we see progress, right? We see more bullish news in terms of the macro and how the  company is operating. So they're operating on more and more cylinders.
(1:18:59)  So if it takes until 2030 for  them to be operating on all cylinders, your annualized return, the box over my head, will have been 42% over that period of  time. So if I told you today, I'm sorry, y'all, you're going to have to wait 2026, 2027, 2028,  2029, four years for them to be hitting on all cylinders. If that's all I said,  you might want to sell the stock, Not knowing that what that actually means is that based on the math, if they actually  do hit on all 10 cylinders in four years, which sounds like a long time, you will have
(1:19:36)  earned 42% a year, doubling your money every two years, which is enough to turn $10,000  into 1.28 million in 14 years. Don't ask me how I know how  to do that math. But it's the truth. That's a fact. Okay. Nick, it's a fine question. I just  don't want to get asked it every week. So that's how I'm going to answer it.
(1:20:03)  I think that was a  really good answer. Keeping it real.  Gatekeeper, is the UAE deal a quick turnaround based on their proof of concept work from last  month? Or would this contract have been worked on in parallel? I don't know. You know, I haven't,  you know, the CEO has been on vacation and maybe he's busy now, but I haven't been able to  talk to him. Like, it's not a bad phone. You know, like, I's busy now, but I haven't been able to talk to him.
(1:20:26)  You like it's not a bad phone.  You know, like I'm not Commissioner Gordon.  I don't pick up the phone.  Hey, Batman, you know, like.  What color underwear is Robin wearing today?  I don't have that kind of access to management.  Greg asks, Mark, a couple of weeks ago, you mentioned you had thoughts to share on PPIH  if time permitted. then the show ended.
(1:20:47)  What were you going to say?  All right.  I was going to say, I like what I'm seeing out of this one, right?  I don't know if I own the stock or how much of I own.  I think I own a little bit of the stock.  Again, don't go out and move on the stock on my word.  Again, don't go out and move on the stock, on my word.
(1:21:10)  And especially after this, we'll zoom in because I don't know if it's completely indicative.  I mean, yeah, it's run.  See, running and chasing are two different things.  So, boom.  I would call that a chase, right, because that's a short-term run.  But it's been making steady progress, okay?  They continue to make steady progress. So So let me see. This is funny. I still haven't seen this. What notes are for? This has been sitting here, Greg, as long as it's been since I said that two or three weeks ago. infrastructure projects in Saudi Arabia plus liquid cooling leak detection for which they have patents um give them a good chance of earning three dollars over three dollars in 2026
(1:21:55)  now that's not my validated numbers and all that um but you know I've looked at different research  and I I'm not going to be able to get to the  bottom of this all right that's why i haven't made it an imperative but you know we're going  to talk about any company i do research on and give you my feedback um but i i think it was it  was the research was good enough for me to at least make a small position and i'll make it  larger if it pulls back to the 200 day moving average thereabouts, let's say in the, you know, 26, 27 range, something like that. If it trades options,
(1:22:32)  I might sell the 27 and a half puts or something like that that will automatically get me shares.  Don't ask me what that means. Look it up yourself. But it looks pretty good from that standpoint. Also, the stock when  the last Russell 2000 was calculated, I don't think they're in the Russell 2000.
(1:22:57)  Ask AI because  I'm busy on the show right here, which means they should get into the Russell if they're not already.  So there's a few nice things to like about this company.  And as long as you're not chasing it, I bought only a little bit, probably right here.  I did chase it, but with a tiny, tiny position, just so I wouldn't forget about it.
(1:23:18)  You know, like when I'm going through my portfolio, I'll see it there.  I'm like, oh yeah, what's that done?  portfolio, I'll see it there. I'm like, oh yeah, what's that done? And I'll look at it and I'll say,  what do I got? I'm down 0.56% since I bought it, right? Which is not a surprise. You see what happens when you chase, but it's such a small position, right? That it's not hurting me.
(1:23:47)  such a small position, right? That it's not hurting me. And it keeps me alert to,  all right, if it pulls back, that's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for, right? This little sideways action pullback because I don't look if they do $3 plus in  2026, would I give that a 30 multiple? No, no.
(1:24:10)  My gut says maybe 15 times 3 is 45 that's a very nice return it's just  a nice um solid stock right for you institutional guys that are watching the show right um for you  gamblers out there hopefully you go away um but um for you serious investors yeah on a on a nice pullback you see that even as i pull  back the chart you could see it even more pronounced right you could draw some lines  these charts tend to follow the 200-day moving average so you can actually very easily draw  technical lines by doing something like that and then just kind of form fitting it a little bit
(1:24:41)  right maybe a little bit more like that and then that means i  have to move this one down like this which makes sense okay cool maybe roughly that's what the  channel looks like but you see what happens if you chased it right look at that i didn't even  right this is just rough lines that are probably in the ballpark of what it actually is and the  stock was near the top of that channel.
(1:25:06)  Why would you buy it there?  Right?  Boom.  If it pulls back, look at that.  26 bucks.  Kind of like what I was talking about.  Right?  Or if it stays here, if it stays here for five months, right?  Because that's what this line is.  This cross that you see on the screen, that's five months from now.  If it stays at 32 for five months, then I'm going to want to own more stock because it will have gone  nowhere for five months, even though presumably the businesses continue to move forward.
(1:25:36)  By the  way, these are definitely not risk reward lines because they're annualized return. You see the  box on the screen, annualized says 120%. No company can grow at 120 percent forever so these lines  will eventually break into something i don't know maybe approximating its long-term growth rate  this company's been around since the 80s um maybe it's something like that let's see what that CAGR is. Three, that's low. Let's see what this was.
(1:26:08)  Let's spread  this out. This is a quick little test you can do, by the way. This is not how you build risk-reward  lines, by the way. But why is this? Okay, there we go. But this is a cheat, a little cheat for people who don't have the expertise to build them.  You draw the line over the long-term tops and see if it kind of corresponds with the long-term bottoms.
(1:26:36)  Kind of does.  And then most importantly, this is the important part.  And I'm going to get to another question in a second.  You look at the slope of the line.  This is a great program.  TC2000 is great for this because it automatically calculates for me the slope of this line.  This line is growing at 6% per year.
(1:26:54)  So if you bought the stock at the bottom line,  and then you sold it at the bottom line long into the future, 17 years later,  you earned 6% a year.  If you bought at the top here in 1990, and that was a big mistake, but you held on to  it until it got back to the top 16 years later, you earned 6% per year, right?  6% per year, very doable.
(1:27:20)  A company can grow its earnings 6% per year.  So it's very possible that these are the risk reward lines for this stock.  And don't go running out and buying the stock because that $100 is the top of the risk reward lines.  Is it possible?  Yeah.  I mean, I suppose if they're going to do over $3 this year, could they do $4.
(1:27:46) 50 the year after and after and 60 year after that and justify 100  stock price possible but i i can't tell you because it's not my expertise i don't have  third-party experts on my side um to help me get to the bottom of this but it is an interesting  company so if you're interested in sort of this sort of thing um you can go and do your own  research on it.  That was what I was going to say a couple of weeks ago about this, Greg.
(1:28:15)  On the last stream of 2025, before Q&A, you mentioned notes on hubs.  Oh, by the way, before I move on, somebody asked, and I'm remembering now, I told him to put it in the question Q&A.  But whether or not he did, I do remember.  He's been drawing risk reward lines and he's wondering why it's not coming out like mine.
(1:28:42)  The only thing I can tell you, right, because I don't know what program you're using or all that.  But you have to make sure you're using a logarithmic scale.  Okay?  If I move this to a linear scale, watch what happens.  The chart gets completely crazy.  But on the side, you see 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, and it's all equally spaced.
(1:29:10)  When I go to a logarithmic scale, right, it goes from 5 to 10 to 20,  and the distance changes. Look, from 50 to 100,  but then from 100 to 150 is only that small gap. That's what a logarithmic scale is,  and that's why you want it. Why? Because a company grows logarithmically. If it's going to grow 6% per year, it'll go from 100 to 106 to 106.36 or 112.36 the following year.
(1:29:42)  Why? Because the 100 went to 106. So they're going to grow 6% off of the 100, but also the new 6 that got added in. If you don't understand that, go ask AI about logarithmic growth  and compounded annual growth rates, CAGR,  and you'll learn something about math, okay?  All right, so that takes care of that.
(1:29:56)  Next question on this last stream, you mentioned notes on HubSpot,  Twilio, Workday, Ondis, didn't cover them.  Is that news now outdated?  Could you share your OnDisc chart?  I don't have an OnDisc chart.  I don't cover OnDisc.  I can't, like, it's just way too big a company for me to care.  It's been great.
(1:30:17)  My congrats to anybody involved.  I do know somebody who is involved, and he's making great money.  It's got, at last count, it's funny because I  had this note, counter drone technology, $3 billion market cap, $12 price target it had  on Wall Street. Now it's at $13.73.
(1:30:41)  So obviously, you know, maybe the price targets have raised,  but obviously Wall Street is covering them, right? The company probably has a three and  a half billion dollar market cap now. I can't add any value to this because I'm not an expert on the  drone space. We did really well on DroneShield. There were reasons for that that are different  than this one right here. Leave it at that.
(1:31:11)  Yeah, I didn't read the disclaimer because i put it on the screen right hopefully that's enough  um question marks question marks i'm looking for question marks at the beginning of the question  after air is called do you believe they are operating on more cylinders?  Bro,  if you don't know that from,  I hope you asked that question before I talked about the company,  because if it's not clear from what I said,  go back and listen to it again.
(1:31:37)  And that's,  it's not the dummy treatment.  It's just right.  I could answer that question,  which I already did, or I could spend an extra minute with my daughter later.  That's really like, you know, so I'm not even going to spend a minute giving the dummy treatment.  Like, why would I do that?  I can spend that minute with my daughter.
(1:31:58)  We had a lot of fun with the dummy treatment, right?  We don't, it's played out good enough.  Regarding BCHT, I asked out good enough regarding BCHT.  I asked about lines for the BCHT chart last week.  You asked me to request it this week.  Could you please share?  You probably signed off because you know, what's funny is I think I made those lines  as part of the outro, you know, like I end the show, but I'm still here.
(1:32:21)  I think I decided to make some preliminary lines.  It was like a gut feel.  I think the, see the slope of that line annualized 12%. I think they could grow 12% a year. This is  roughly within the range of their past highs and lows, except see, you might ask why I didn't put  it down here. And you see, this is really good. It's really good. Like it's an indicator.
(1:32:43)  If you  get the growth rate right, and you see that the bottoms kind of line up right this is basically investors saying i i'm not  willing to let the stock any go any further this is cheap enough i'm gonna buy it and then the  buying pressure starts on stocks that's like you know a lot of guys i know right professionals that  i know that's what they do when the stock gets too cheap.
(1:33:09)  You know, you let the blood run in the streets, people panic, the stock, and it gets to a certain point,  you're like, eh, I can't wait any longer because the next smart guy might jump in and I'll miss  out on what was already, you know, I loved it at two, but now at one, come on, I got to go,  right? That's how bottoms get formed a lot of times times you see these, this lines up, but I'm, I can't put these, this line here because of the judgment that they received.
(1:33:32)  They got a lot of  cash coming their way. It's going to equate to roughly, you know, I think it must be three bucks  of cash. I think I said something like that. I can't remember, go back and watch the show.  And so the lines here, they're not colored lines, but this is  roughly what we're dealing with.
(1:33:54)  And as far as, let's see, from a technical standpoint, you see  there was the sharp move down because people misinterpreted the press releases being bad news.  It was actually good. The stock rebounded, closed the gap here. You see it was already kind of  drifting lower.  And there was this like weird value that it formed.  But, you know, this was really the pattern right here.
(1:34:10)  See that?  I think that was what the pattern was going to be if people didn't misinterpret the press release.  And then it bounced back and then continued on with its pattern.  For me, I needed to own the stock.  I owned it here.  I mean, down here.  Took some profits. B owned it here.
(1:34:35)  I mean, down here, took some profits, bought it back,  right, as it drifted lower. This might have been a foregone conclusion because of the knowledge that it would get this D at the end of its ticker symbol because of the reverse split,  which people were going to panic on. Reverse split, a D at the end of the ticker symbol.  Because of the reverse split, which people were going to panic on, reverse split, a D at the end of the ticker symbol, it's bad, bad, bad, and the stock went down.
(1:34:57)  I bought the stock ahead of that, not caring, and I have bought more recently because I like the presentation I gave.  Yes, a lot of it was based on the Wall Street research, but I validated that Wall Street research. Hopefully you guys don't go pressing  the triggers because of that.
(1:35:14)  I put some Wall Street research on the screen and people lose  their minds. That Wall Street research was out for a little while. I put it on the screen and  I say I agree with it. Same thing with IZEA Right. We had that analyst report. That was a good basis for the research there.  But I think this is going to work. And to be honest, this is a pretty good price, actually.
(1:35:34)  Right. I'll tell you what, I probably will buy more after the show or next week because I like.  Well, that's not a 200-day move. Maybe I wait,  but I'll be accumulating on weakness, not on strength, right? So maybe it pulls back a little  bit more. Maybe it doesn't. Maybe I'm being cute because this is a nice channel being formed here.
(1:35:59)  We'll see, right? That's the other thing. I want to trade less this year, right? More time with baby.  How do I get more time with baby? Less BS. And that's really what it comes down to.  You sold out of gatekeeper. No, I didn't sell out of gatekeeper. But don't ask me personal questions.  right you do what you do with your picks right i give you information you do what you do don't worry about what i do um but if you weren't taking profits right this i'm not going to call  you a dummy but it like bro like with the red line here I know there's multiple red lines and stuff, but this is, you know, the lower red line is what you should assume is right.
(1:36:49)  If we were down here when we picked it and we're up here and you didn't take profits along the way up, then you haven't listened or learned from anything that I teach.  And that's all I'll say about that.  Because it's not my responsibility to try to force you to do that if that disappoints you make you go away all the better for both us  arm FYI air is at the same price as it was on  January 6th it dropped more pre post earnings announcement  was very tempted to buy post earnings but I would be breaking the tip what I
(1:37:25)  but I would be breaking the 10%  rule. How's that supposed to add anything to anything? I don't understand. That doesn't  mean anything to me. All right. Like, so what? This is the chart. I don't care where it was  yesterday, last week. Yeah. Right, it's the same price as it  was everywhere on that horizontal line that you see right there. That doesn't mean anything.
(1:37:51)  That was then. This is now. Is it advisable to use AI to analyze industry-specific leading  indicators in order to assess how order intake is likely to develop  over the next 3 to 18 months for a stock I'm doing research on.  If by order intake you mean business orders coming in to the company,  yes, but you have to be very careful because AI hallucinates.
(1:38:27)  Right?  There's a reason why I'm paying Google and Elon both for the professional version of Gemini and Grok.  Because I pit them against each other.  I make them fight.  Gemini, what's the answer?  And then I go to Grok and say, Gemini said this.  What do you think?  And then I say, Grok said this about what you said, what do you think?  And they go back and forth until we come to some sort of consensus.
(1:38:52)  And then I take that consensus, ask them for all the proof, links to proof of this consensus view.  of this consensus view. And then I go and look into those links myself because I know I'm not going to hallucinate when I read the source of their research. Yes, that sounds like a lot of  process, but in reality, it's a lot less than what I used to do, which is do Google search after  Google search after Google search and look at every single link trying to find good leads.
(1:39:27)  AI is really good at  finding good leads. AI is not good at picking stocks. AI is not good at formulating conclusions,  but it is really good at taking what would literally be in the past hundreds of websites  that I would go to looking for information and rarely finding, like just looking for one shred  of info, it finds that shred of info.
(1:39:51)  It finds all the shreds of info across thousands of websites  and then presents me with that, right? I'm looking for needles in a haystack. It's giving me a pile  of needles. And now I can look for the golden needle within the pile of needles. That's way  more effective and efficient than before. And that's part of the  reason why my picks have been more effective and efficient than they were before also.
(1:40:16)  Hope I answered your question. If not, put it back in the queue before the show is over.  Hope I answered your question. If not, put it back in the queue before the show is over.  Gatekeeper, any thoughts on the significant increase in office expense?  They're expanding, bro. They're expanding, right? I keep saying this over and over. Put it in your notebook because I've answered this question before. I know I have, just in a different form. When you go from $30 million of revenue to a $120 million run rate of order taking,
(1:40:55)  which is what they basically said in their press release, four months, $40 million of order taking.  That's $10 million a month times 12 months. That's $120 million run  rate. If they execute against that run rate for a full year, they will have gone from $30 million  of revenue to $120 million of revenue. Are they going to do that? No.
(1:41:17)  I mean, they could,  but my opinion, no. They don't need to though, right? Wall Street's got them going from 30 to,  I think, 45 to like 60 or something like that. I think that's very doable when you're booking $10 million of contracts per month, which they've done for several months this year.  That, by all accounts, including the accounts of the CEO, came as a surprise to the company.
(1:41:45)  And when a company is surprised,  I hope you're writing this down.  When a company is surprised  by the amount of business coming in,  like a company doesn't oversize itself  because then it hurts profitability.  If you need a thousand square foot office,  you don't rent a 2000 square foot office because that'll be a  waste of money.
(1:42:14)  But if you rent the thousand square foot office and it turns out that your  business doubles unexpectedly and all of a sudden you need a 2000 square foot office,  then you need to go spend money on the people that need to go find that office for you. Somebody needs to buy the  office equipment. That all costs money. You got to sign the contract. You need lawyers. And all  of a sudden your GNA goes up even before you execute on the contracts that have coming in  requiring that extra space.
(1:42:46)  Make sense?  Hope so.  If not, listen to it again and again and again.  It should sink in.  And if all else fails, transcribe it and put it in an AI and say, what the hell did he mean?  Could it be sales commissions?  Yeah, could be  um call investor relations don't leave that to me by the way there's almost 300 of you on here  if all of you care if if even a tenth of you care about gatekeeper there's 28 of you that  should call the company a company? Help me out.
(1:43:28)  Because that's, you get the answer to that question just as easily as I can.  Can I share the  Isaiah chart? Yes.  Here we go.  I like that this one's coming down.  It's a little disappointing  that it broke the technicals.  Right?  Broke the technicals.  Let me see.  How do we do this?  Oh, there we go.  It broke the technicals, everybody.
(1:43:58)  We can get rid of these lines because it broke the technicals.  And maybe it pulls back to 200.  Maybe it keeps going lower.  Who knows, right?  But the story is still the same as when I presented it right and when I buy a position and decide where I want  to settle in on my core position you know looking for an opportunity to buy more which I do want to  do because they've got three bucks in cash Wall  Street's got a like a 650 price target on them that's a nice move from here and  certainly I I believe if they get to the close to the 200-day moving average that
(1:44:37)  should be very strong support if it doesn't happen before then if we go back 200 days that gets us just past st. Patrick's Day so  these over the next month these numbers will fall out of the moving average and  I don't see any way the stock like there's no way the stock should drop  below three because they got three3 in cash unless they lose money. Right.
(1:45:06)  And even when  they lose money, it's a pennies. Right. So could it drop to 283? Sure. Right. But look where 283 is  here. So at the very least, I'd be shocked if for the next few months, one, two, three, four months,  oh, wait a minute, no, no, no, because the 200-day moving average starts here.  So for the next, what is that?  Basically two months, almost two months, the 200-day moving average should continue to  rise because these numbers will be falling out and these numbers, whatever tomorrow's price, the next price, the next price will be entering. And so the 200 keeps moving up
(1:45:51)  probably at the slope because that's what it's been growing at. Right. And at some point we  should get support for the stock. I really like the story here. You know, we put in the notes actually, right?  As I started to change how this thing looks, AI should benefit social media influencers  greatly.  Clearly, right?  What I described to you, go look, go see if you can find Snoop Dogg, Doberman on Safari  and look at that video and tell me that that's not game changing in terms of  the quality of videos that somebody like you or me can create at home where only Hollywood
(1:46:37)  used to be able to do it, right? Now, all of a sudden, you can compete with Hollywood-level commercial directors, right?  When they make these elaborate million-dollar commercials, you can compete with that at home almost for free, right?  media influencers, the ladies and gentlemen out there with a million, five million, 10 million,  whatever, followers, can create much better content for next to nothing. And that makes them more potent advertising channel, a more potent advertising channel than the traditional
(1:47:23)  channels. The fat cats on,  what is it, Fifth Avenue in New York? I think that's the mecca for marketing, right?  They're shaking in their boots because now somebody with 5 million followers can be more effective potentially than they can at reaching an audience and selling a product, which means they're going to be  in higher demand from those product marketers, right?  Like when I was talking about IZ in the first place, it was a Time Warner with Superman,  Barbie, and the F1 movie using IZ as the intermediary because that's what IZ brings to the table,
(1:48:02)  the infrastructure and the intermediary to go out and find. They've got the whole database of social media influencers, right? And they can  pull like they did for the F1 movie. They pulled like two or 250 of the most qualified social media  influencers based on whatever their criteria is, contracted them all, organized them all,  coordinated them all, told them what to do, measured and mapped the effectiveness of what they did, right? And made  a big, excuse me, a big noise for F1, the movie, which is a great movie, by the way, go watch it
(1:48:37)  if you haven't. And I don't watch many movies. Most of them suck. Which Time Warner loves. And  that's why Time Warner is using them on all their movies.  So they like what IZEA brings to the table to create more effective,  cost-effective advertisement for them, and that's what they're using them for.
(1:48:56)  So at the right price, I like the stock.  It's not a recommendation recommendation read my disclaimers  gatekeeper should be back from Mexico  yeah yeah yeah  we talked about that already  oh it's 3.50  we're past lightning round time  we're in the lightning round  we close out the show at 3.55  almost no matter what.
(1:49:27)  Okay. Give you guys five minutes before the market closes and all that stuff.  Did you listen to Tekajen's CEO on Maj? No, because I don't want to hear it. I've made my  opinion on that. I'm not buying it, no matter what they have to say. I'm sorry. And even if he's right, even if he's right, I'm not buying it. So I don't care if I miss out. So far, I've been right. OK, but I'm I'm not buying the story and I'm not buying the stock.
(1:50:05)  like on a speculative basis while we were doing our research, right? This is where the notebook is going to really come in. When this turns into a notebook, right? Then I'm going to be able to  add stocks to this like PPI age, like TGN, and we're going to put the notes in here and it's  not going to be like, um, you know, an official pick list and all that, that, um, that you guys  are going to misconstrue. It's going to be like a workbook, right, which you should have at home.
(1:50:27)  You should have all these notes in your place, but this will help if you miss a few weeks  or if I put a new note myself in, introshow, something like that, it'll be helpful.  But I'm not buying the story for the reasons that I outlined the last time I spoke about it.  And like I said, that's working out pretty good here.
(1:50:48)  Somebody came out, I think, really negative.  That's what caused that spike down.  The stock, yeah, really tumbled on the, I forgot what the guy said, but it made sense.  And so there you go.  It's not a long, it's not a short, in my opinion.  No disrespect to Maj or the company, by the way.  He may be right.
(1:51:10)  He has been right on occasions where I've been wrong.  It happens.  Good analysts will do that.  All right.  I said lightning round, and then I didn't lightning round it.  But we're down to the last few questions anyway, so cool.  Regarding air, oh, you're going to do this to me, man. Don't do this to me, Nikki.
(1:51:36)  All I'm saying,  in my opinion, is the 14% increase today is not significant because they lost that in two to three  days pre-earnings, so I might not consider that chasing. Am I wrong? Shut up. I love you, man, but shut up. Stop thinking so much. Hashtag stop thinking.  Gatekeeper, thanks for answering my questions.
(1:51:57)  I was able to connect with IR, Doug himself,  if I ever want to chat. If you ever want to chat, let me know. That was cool, man. I appreciate that. You can share your thoughts in  the chat here. I'm sure I'll get a hold of Doug at some point. I'm fine with it. The business  doesn't change every day. So I don't need to talk to Doug every day, every week.
(1:52:17)  I know people that  I think I heard from somebody who talks to him every week. Why? I don't know. I'd rather spend time with my baby.  Isaiah, fourth quarter comparables may be tough. Is the fourth quarter normally big because of  seasonality? I don't know. I don't care. I think there's going to be lumpiness in the business.
(1:52:38)  They're converting. If you listened to my initial analysis, they're moving from little one-off deals to trying to get big customers that will  give them business after business after business after business. That is more profitable and you  can already see it in the results.
(1:53:00)  Lower revenue, yes, but better profitability or lower loss,  which leads to better profitability when the revenue reinvigorates. OK, so we got a quality of revenue issue going on here and in a positive direction.  So that's I don't care what they're going to do this quarter.  I can't figure it out. I don't know.  So, you know, but what I do know is that I did the work to draw these lines.
(1:53:28)  know is that I did the work to draw these lines, right? I trust in my work and the lower the stock goes, the more attractive it becomes to me. And the higher it goes, the less attractive it becomes  to me. And it's as simple as that. Isaiah may be a value trap even with three bucks cash? Yes, of course it can.
(1:53:52)  What's your take on the compensation? I mean, we got that question like five times, bro,  about gatekeepers' compensation in the chat. I don't know. I haven't talked to him since last time. I know I promised I would get the answer. I failed so far. I will get the answer.  It might be a month, a year from now. Maybe the answer might come from somebody else.
(1:54:17)  I think that's it. That's it. And we're at 356 anyway. So I hope you liked the 2026 format, right?  Different than the 2025 format.  Different than the 2020 format.  I like it better.  I enjoyed the show more.  It was less crazy, chaotic.  I think it will be shorter in the future.  It was another two hours today.
(1:54:43)  But because we wanted to explain all this stuff and we had a lot, you know, a good chat, um, in the future, I'll be  able to hearken back to the show and I'll be, you know, next week I'll just say, listen, um,  if you wonder why the show feels different than what you remember, go back and watch last week's  episode, um, because that set the stage for 2026. And there you have it. All right.
(1:55:09)  I'm going to go spend time with my daughter. Have a good weekend. Take care.  Nice day on the market. Damn.  Nice day on the market, damn. No crazy moves, I like that.  VTSI is up 8%.  Bouncing off the green line.  Maybe I should have bought more of the green line. Follow the rules, follow the rules. Stupid. We'll see if it pulls back.
(1:55:50)  Not gonna chase that move, but I have way too little of that stock for a what?  I mean they're not really operating on many cylinders, but they will. Okay, that's  it for today. Good.